fix: update psycopg2 version and whitenoise config (#148)
DjangoGirls/tutorial-extensions: en/heroku/README.md

DATABASES['default'].update(db_from_env)
```

> Note: When you add `whitenoise.middleware.WhiteNoiseMiddleware` to the  `MIDDLEWARE` list make sure it is placed after the django `SecurityMiddlewear`, and leave in the other django middlewear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When you add `whitenoise.middleware.WhiteNoiseMiddleware` to the  `MIDDLEWARE` list make sure it is placed after the Django `SecurityMiddleware`, and keep the other Django middleware.
```

Reviewer: Does "middleware" have a plural? "middlewares"? If so, we might want to use it at the end of this sentence instead of the singular.

Author: Yes, middlewares is the plural, I will make the amendment as suggested ✨

It'll do necessary configuration for Heroku.

Then save the file.

> All right! 

Reviewer: Why the whitespace change?
```suggestion
All right!
```

Author: Good catch, there shouldn't be whitespace there.
